Not Implemented:

promote_courses                 - jet
top_packages                    - jet
popular_courses                 - jet
view_summary_report             - jason
view_manager_report             - jason

Implemented:

add_customer                    - gia
update_credit_card              - jet
find_rooms                      - jet
update_room                     - jet
get_available_rooms             - jet
add_course                      - jet
add_course_offering             - jet
add_session                     - jet
remove_session                  - jet
add_course_package              - jet
buy_course_package              - jet
add_employee                    - jason
remove_employee                 - jason
register_session                - jet
get_available_course_packages   - jet
find_instructors                - jason
get_available_instructors       - jason
update_instructor               - jason
get_my_course_package           - jet
get_available_course_offerings  - jet
get_available_course_sessions   - jet
get_my_registrations            - jet
update_course_session           - jet
cancel_registration             - jet
pay_salary                      - jason